docs(tutorials): review wording (#236)
scaleway/docs-content: tutorials/nginx-reverse-proxy/index.mdx

In the following example, we will configure an Nginx reverse proxy in front of an Apache web server. As a result, we assume that Apache is already installed and configured (on the same machine).

> 1. Update the APT packet cache and install the Nginx web server via the package manager:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Update the APT package cache and install the Nginx web server via the package manager:
```

> For security reasons, it is recommended to add an encryption layer with TLS/SSL and to use HTTPS. Whilst it is technically possible to use self-signed certficates, it may cause very inconveniences as a warning is displayed by default in an users web browser when a self-signed certificate is used. A certificate authentity (CA) can issue trusted certificates which a recognized by most modern web browsers. The CA [Let's Encrypt](https://letsencrypt.org) provides TLS certificate for free and the configuration of Nginx can be done easily with [Certbot](https://certbot.eff.org/), a tool provided by the [EFF](https://www.eff.org/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For security reasons, it is recommended to add an encryption layer with TLS/SSL and to use HTTPS. Whilst it is technically possible to use self-signed certificates, it may cause inconveniences as a warning is displayed by default in a user's web browser when a self-signed certificate is used. A certificate authenticity (CA) can issue trusted certificates which are recognized by most modern web browsers. The CA [Let's Encrypt](https://letsencrypt.org) provides TLS certificates for free and the configuration of Nginx can be done easily with [Certbot](https://certbot.eff.org/), a tool provided by the [EFF](https://www.eff.org/).
```
